The Bachelor them actually you know
purports to be a show about love but
it's not rarely does that show result in
love but our shows that our shows is at
its heart educational and so as a
service to future generations of ladies
and gentlemen from time to time I sit
down with young people to teach them
about the most mysterious emotion of all
love
[Music]
so you're four years old Ethan you're
four years old Kayla yeah yes you are in
preschool I'm pretty school mm-hmm have
you met before tonight do you love each
other
no do you think so that's interesting so
she says that maybe you love each other
and you say no kinda like a little bit
right right so he things a little bit
shy so you really have to tell him why
you love him and why you think this is
gonna work I just think you just think
it is it because of his beautiful hair
yes because it was nice curly hair yeah
and his eyes I mean he's a handsome kid
right oh yeah do you think kayla is
beautiful yeah yeah you do well that's
nice I think that's good you know like a
bit from a black one who might die
anyway love what is love like when you
like met and then you like like each
other and do like want to be together or
they like get married it had the kids
yeah that's it that's right right Wow
yeah kind of like the two of you
we do all the cooking in the house oh
well you will do you like to cook oh
that's perfect
and who will drive the kids to school oh
well you will is that okay
one who drives the kids to school and
who's gonna take out the garbage hello
you will help take out the garbage and
who is going to sweep up and vacuum the
floors okay
good seems like we're hashing out a
relationship here worked out you got
your hands full with this guy over here
but at least they'll take out the
garbage right yeah
[Music]
hi i'm jimmy kimmel if you want to see
all our latest videos click the
subscribe button and if you don't click
anyway and close your eyes when they
come on